Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Hey! That's my horse!
Somebody stop them!
Hey! Get your hands off of--
Howdy. can we help you?
Come on boys. pick him over.
Who owns this place?
Where is he?
Let's go. let's go.
No. don't do it.
Mr. Griggs!
All right. boys.
this is it.
Let's get that money
and get the hell out of here.
Hell yeah!
This ain't gonna be your day.
boys.
I can't believe this.
Church Is over.
Jesus!
Get your hands up!
And hand over the money.
Please don't hurt us.
We'll give you the money here.
just-- just take it.
Harrison?
Porter?
Leave him alone.
Put your guns down.
This is the Lord's money.
Not anymore.
You wouldn't dare shoot
a man of God.
You're right.
Oh my God.
Help!
It's okay. it's okay.
Any last words?
Please. sir!
I only took this
so my family can eat.
I don't care. you no-good fiend!
Emma!
Please. sir!
I beg you. don't kill me!
I'm lonely. man. and all I have
in my name is this here
six shooter.
Well. for your sake. let's hope
you know how to use it!
-Okay!
-Times up! 1-2-3. fire!
Bang-bang-bang!
Oh! Mother!
What in Heaven's name
are you doing?
Why are you so enamored
with guns and death?
I don't know.
I need you to try to be
a little more ladylike.
Can I go practice shooting now?
Just go.
Yes!
It's got iron bars and
three separate locks on the
backside.
Good luck.
Excuse me. Sheriff.
No talking.
Just hoping we could have
a word.
While the others are sleeping.
Just you and me.
No. I don't fraternize with
petty thieves.
Thief?
No. I was the one that shot the
minister.
Oh. well. Murderer then. In
that case. I got a live oak and
a maple out back.
Which one do you prefer to swing
from?
What if I can make it worth your
time?
Surprise!
Father!
Oh. Emma!
Well hello. stranger.
Ma'am.
I've missed you so much.
Oh I sure missed you.
little lady.
Come here.
Hey. will you give me and your
mom a minute?
But I want to see you.
I know. I know. I want to see
you. too.
Just one minute. please?
Yes. sir.
Come here.
It's time to go to bed.
sweetheart.
It's barely even dark outside!
Five more minutes? Please?
Two more minutes.
When did you get so big?
I don't know.
Tell me about your adventures.
father!
Two minutes ain't nearly long
enough for that.
Please!
Tomorrow.
Tomorrow?
Now. come on.
Gotta say our prayers.
On your knees. there you go.
All right.
Remember how this goes?
Of course.
Oh. I forgot something!
Look what I brought for you!
This is Mama swan.
And this is little Emma swan.
All right. all right.
Let's say our prayer.
Dear Heavenly Father...
Please forgive us of our sins.
And...
just help us be more like you.
Father.
I pray you are always with this
little one here.
Give her sweet dreams.
Give her the strength to get
through this troublesome life.
In Jesus almighty name. we pray.
Amen.
Amen!
I love you so much!
I love you.
Come on.
Now get under your covers.
Lay down.
There you go.
All right. Good night.
Woo!
Howdy. howdy!
Where is he?
Jacob!
Hey. shh!
All right. I need you to get
under the bed.
And don't say anything.
Don't come out for nobody but
me. Hear me?
Yes sir.
Just stay here.
Don't touch it.
There you go.
Come on.
Please have a seat.
Tell him to let her go. and I
will.
No. I just sit down.
Who are these men. Jacob?
Shut up!
You look surprised to see me.
What do you want. Harrison?
Who else is in the house?
No one.
Go look upstairs.
You see anyone. you blow their
head off.
Hello?
If anybody's up here. you best
show yourself.
Where's the money?
Boy...
Harrison.
I turned it in.
I'm gonna ask you one more time.
Where is my money?
-I turned it in.
-Liar!
What is he talking about?
These guys robbed a church.
What do you say. Porter?
Do you believe him?
Just let her go.
You're a no-good. lying piece of
shi--
We'll work this out. just you
and me.
Let's talk about it. all right?
Just let her go.
Get off her!
You like that?
I reckon I owe you for the arm.
You don't want to
talk.
Okay.
Have it your way.
Hold him tight.
Oh. I got him.
Don't do this!
No more games.
Please don't do this!
Time's up.
Jesus Christ!
Whoa!
Dammit. that was close!
Last chance to tell me
what I want to hear.
I'm sorry.
And then...
justice.
I'm sorry.
Okay.
Just. Listen.
All right.
Just listen to me.
I'm all ears.
See anything?
No. sir.
You sure about that. boy?
What's gotten into you. son?
There's someone else here.
It's a child.
I'll be right back.
Sir!
What?
I... uh...
Well. spit it out.
It's okay. kid.
Hey. Porter.
Go ahead and kill her.
Sarah! Go!
You okay?
Harrison!
Anyone...
Please.
Please. God!
Who's out here
with you? Oh!
I'm alone!
Show yourself!
I got no qualms shooting a
little girl.
Please! I told you. I'm
alone!
I'm lost!
Please. water!
Stay put.
Woah! Slow down.
I ain't got an endless supply.
Can I have some more?
Not until you tell me where you
come from.
Why are you here?
You got no father?
Ain't you got a mother?
You gonna come in or you gonna
sit out there and cry all day?
Sit.
So what am I supposed to do with
you?
You can't stay here.
I got an Auntie in Virginia.
Virginia?
That's where I was headed.
You know how far Virginia is?
Might as well take you to China.
Is that near Virginia?
I ain't taking you to no
Virginia.
Ain't in my best interest to be
out and about.
Your best interest?
You're an owlhoot. ain't ya?
What? I ain't no owlhoot.
All right. come on. Let's go.
Let's go!
You're kicking me out?
Conversation's over. Let's go!
You got a long way to walk.
Money! I have money!
You ain't got no money.
Yes I do!
A whole carpet bag full.
No one's got a carpet bag full
of money.
Outlaws do.
It's in the back room of my
house.
Take me to Virginia and it's
yours.
You better not be making this
up.
All right.
I'll take you to the train
station in Huston.
About a days ride.
But when we get there...
You are on your own.
Really?
I'm saddling up
with a real owlhoot!
Let me go! Ain't no owlhoot!
Sorry. it won't happen again.
You won't regret this.
I already do.
It's just up around this
bend.
Woah...
Those your horses?
No.
Get down!
Hold the reigns.
You stay put.
You understand?
I'm sorry.
Ha- Howdy!
You lost. stranger?
Oh. well is Chester here?
Ain't no Chester here.
Well...
We were supposed to go hog
hunting.
I reckon he's at the barn.
Well. go on. then.
Much obliged.
Hey! Hold it.
Drop your gun.
I told you to stay put.
Dammit.
Wait.
Do it. please.
Okay.
He that dwelleth...
in the secret place
of the Most High.
Shall abide.
Shall abide under the shadows
of the Almighty.
I will say of the Lord.
I'll say of the Lord. He is my
refuge...
My God.
And my fortress:
My God;
in him I will trust.
Wait!
You're leaving me?
Sorry. girlie.
No money. no ride.
That's the deal.
-Wish you luck.
-Luck?
You're a money hungry scoundrel!
What did you call me?
Shame on you.
Maybe you ought to quit pitying
yourself and learn to be
productive.
Wise words from a drunken
owlhoot.
Quit calling me owlhoot!
Quit calling me girlie!
What are you gonna do. shoot a
ten year old girl?
I'm highly considering it.
If you ain't man enough to kill
me.
could you at least be man enough
to see me to the nearest town?
I don't have time for this.
Well. I didn't have time to save
your life back there.
but I still done it.
I'm leaving in two minutes.
With or without you.
You got it?
Are you deaf?
Could you help me bury my
parents first?
Ring around the Rosie...
Okay. boys.
Okay. Play Nice.
Ashes. we all fall down!
Can I help you?
This place is beautiful.
Thank you.
My father had this exact same
model.
Ain't that something?
Is there an appointment that I'm
forgetting. or...
Are you interested
in adopting a child?
Not in a million years.
Then what. may I ask. is the
reason for your visit?
Shall we?
I'm gonna buy your house.
It's not for sale.
You're not listening.
It's you who isn't listening.
Mister?
Harrison Griggs.
You're Harrison Griggs?
You've heard of me?
Yes.
$300.
But I need you out by the end of
the month.
My house and land are worth
much.
much more than that.
And we have dozens of children
here.
so there's no way that we could
be out in two weeks.
Even if I were to entertain such
an offer.
Oh. you'll take the offer.
No. sir.
I most certainly will not.
Listen.
you'll take it.
Because if you don't.
I'll come back at the end of the
month with my gang.
and they'll drag you.
You're pretty wife
and all those poor little
bastards out of here.
One at a time.
And I have to tell you. my
men...
They're not as friendly as me.
Good day.
Morning!
How can I help you?
I found this girl
on the roadside.
and she ain't
got no family.
Reckon you'd know what to do
with her.
Oh yeah. there's an orphanage
just south of town.
Nice. folks.
I'll drop her off once I finish
up here.
Much obliged.
I ain't going to no orphanage.
Hush. She's going.
If you take me there.
I'll run away.
I don't give a damn what you do
once I'm outside that door.
Behave yourself.
God. you look familiar.
You don't know me.
No...
Almost certain that I do.
Just can't place it
yet.
What you fussing about?
Maybe this'll cheer her up.
Here you go!
She don't want it.
That's okay. Here you
go.
I said she don't want it.
God almighty!
You're the Butcher!
There's a $2.000 bounty on your
head.
I knew it!
Shut up!
Get your back against that wall!
Let's go. girlie.
You follow us...
You're a dead man.
No. I understand.
Hello! Hello. hello.
Thank you.
Thank you for coming.
Hey. nice to see you.
Thank you.
Of course.
I know this guy.
Uncle Fletch!
Come on in!
You got taller. son!
Did I?
There he is!
Get on down here!
You got it.
You going to tell us what
happened with you and George
Wells.
Or we going to have to beat it
out of you?
Come on. beat it out of him!
Come on. kid.
Y'all don't wanna hear
about that.
Oh. come on. you old dog!
Spill it!
You sure?
Okay. okay.
George Wells. the biggest. most
well known name in the entire
railroad business.
He summons me.
Calls me into his office. and he
looks at me right in the eye.
and he asks me...
No. he begs me...
to come work with him.
You understand
why I asked you to come here?
No? Or Yes?
Yeah.
Well?
Well. he says. me and my boys.
And that's you all.
Would make the best damn
security his rails
have ever seen.
I need you...
to get me more people's asses...
on my trains in Houston.
You get that?
So I look at him
right in the eye and I say...
"We couldn't possibly secure
your trains. Mr. Wells."
What?
"We're too busy robbing them!"
Long live the Greggs gang!
You know what I'm
saying to you?
Get this done.
-Yeah--
-It's all I ask for. very
simple. get it done.
And take the hairdo with you.
Long live the outlaw
king!
All right. guys.
Got another one for you!
Y'all ready?
Come on. girl.
Murphy!
That's a lot of kids.
I reckon. this is the orphanage.
Who wants to know?
Well. I do.
We do.
You one of Griggs' men?
Who?
Oh. goodness.
Have a seat.
Don't let the house fool you.
It was donated.
You're doing a hell of a thing
here.
We're all called to something.
Some are called to war. Some are
called to peace.
How about you?
What are you called to?
You. Captain Lynch?
Outnumbered 10 to 1. And
you decide in your infinite
wisdom
to put my boy on the front line!
That was the past.
Whoa!
It is still very present to me.
Please...
Sir...
Eye for an eye. Captain.
Aahh!
Murderer!
Move!
There he is. get him!
You killed him!
Adam Lynch stabbed
former US soldier Kyle Foster
to death
next to his butcher shop.
Now....
Lynch is in the wind.
You have it with my authority to
either
capture him or shoot him on
sight.
There's a steep reward for
anybody who brings him to
justice.
Dead or alive.
No one knows I'm here.
What have you done? These people
want you dead.
Can't talk about it right now.
What have you done?
I need you to take Millie in
until next month on our
anniversary.
You're the only family I got.
Hey! Hey!
A man showed up in my
office today with a little girl.
Not just any man.
Adam Lynch.
That name is supposed to mean
something?
They call him "the Butcher."
He's wanted for murder.
He hacked a man to death
with a meat cleaver
in Nacogdoches.
Sheriff. two thirds of the men
in that room are wanted for
murder.
What's your point?
My point is. your business
starting to attract other
outlaws.
Now. if I recall. I told you
to stay the hell out of my town.
Don't you ever interrupt my
meetings to scold me about
something so frivolous!
I want the Butcher gone!
Fine.
I'll send a few underlings
after him.
Good. And after that. you can
pay me my 20% you owe me
from last week.
You'll get exactly what's coming
to you. Sheriff.
My brothers and sisters. listen
up.
We have a new rival. and his
name is Adam Lynch.
I need a few of you to find him
and take care of him for me.
Anyone who seeks to hinder
what we're building here
is an enemy of the Griggs gang.
- Yeah!
- And better off dead!
Yeah!
All who agree. say "aye"!
Aye!
This is our town!
Yeah!
Our town!
You see. children...
Job lost everything.
He lost his family. his home and
his money.
He couldn't understand why all
these bad things were happening.
He had every earthly reason to
be sad and angry.
I'm sure he was.
But in the midst of the hardest
time in Job's life...
Do you know what he did?
He worshipped God anyway.
He clung to his faith.
And in the end. you know what
happened?
Everything Job lost...
was restored back to him.
Would anyone like to tell the
new girl your name?
Me me me!
Sylvia!
Hi! I'm Sylvia. and I love
cheese!
Thank you. Sylvia!
That was very kind
and informative.
Hi. I'm Lenny...
and I'm going to marry
Miss Caroline.
Not if I marry her first!
Eww. gross!
Ewww!
I'm still married. Lenny. We've
talked about this... daily.
I appreciate the hospitality.
Murphy.
But I gotta get going.
Nice chatting with you.
It's no accident that you're
here.
I believe that God brought you
here
to save the orphanage.
This ain't for me.
What if it is?
Adam. wait!
Please. help me stop Harrison
Griggs and his gang
from taking this orphanage.
Do it for these kids.
I am begging you.
I'm a fugitive. wanted for
murder.
Your God wants nothing to do
with me.
I ain't done one good thing in
my life except...
marry the right woman.
In three days time I'm gonna see
her again
and we're going to get the hell
out of Texas.
I'm sorry for your
trouble.
I got my own to tend to.
No outlaw. no orphan.
nothing is going to keep me from
her.
What's the matter?
He didn't have a bag of money
for ya?
Owlhoot!
Just leave!
I hate you.
I'm tired of you and
your outlaw gang
And what you're doing to this
beautiful. God fearing town.
I'd be real careful who you're
talking to like that.
You need to repent of your sins!
Or they will be the death of
you!
I tried that once. years ago.
Fell on my knees and cried out.
Lifted my hands to the sky.
No answer.
So the way I see it.
if he can't utter a single word
in a moment like that.
I don't think he's going to lift
a finger to stop me now.
"Vengeance is mine. saith the
Lord."
Say. when's the last time you
had a good shave?
I-I. uh...
That's too long.
Harrison Griggs.
You shoot a man at a card table
last night?
I believe I did.
but I didn't have a choice
in the matter.
And why the hell is
that?
He had a good hand.
That's it. you're under arrest.
What the hell are you doing?
I don't care nothing about the
gambler.
Fact of the matter is. my
patience is running thin.
Maybe a few nights in jail will
help you focus on the task at
hand.
Move your ass.
What took you so
long?
Would you hurry it up?
Damn it!
Die you sons of bit--
I got big plans for this town.
Sheriff.
Unfortunately. they don't
involve you.
Hey.
Hey there.
I'm allergic to flowers.
Millie?
Hun?
Where's my wife?
She left.
When is she going to be back?
We got to get going.
I don't think you understand.
partner.
Understand what?
Speak up.
She ain't coming back.
What did you say to her. Leon?
Hmm?
What did you do?
I didn't say nothing to her.
Why'd she leave?
You're the one who left.
She's been right here for
the last month
dealing with your mess.
She's been mocked.
She's been ridiculed.
She can't show her face in town.
This has been hard on her.
She came to me yesterday in
tears.
She said she couldn't bear
another minute of this.
That was it.
Well I'm back now.
Adam. you shouldn't have run
off.
What was I supposed to do?
Get strung up in town square?
At least you'd have had Millie
by your side.
What the hell that supposed to
mean?
You can't outrun trouble. Adam.
I didn't ask for none of this to
happen.
Nobody ever does.
But the rain keeps fallin.
doesn't it?
Millie!
Are you alright?
Yeah.
Come on.
Watch yourself.
I think there's one more.
Please don't kill me.
Adam!
I got him!
Who are you?
Why are you here?
I was ordered to chase you down
and kill you.
By who?
Harrison Griggs!
Hello good sir!
-Shh!
-You have to do it!
I caught him at a bad time.
I'm sorry!
Just be nice. okay? Smile.
I'm sorry.
It's just been a long journey
from where we come from.
Too much sun is not good on the
noggin.
We was just wondering if you'd
like to buy a newspaper?
Got several to choose from.
Got some from a couple days ago
out of Dallas.
And some from a month or two
back in Houston.
No.
Show him the one on top!
- I'd love to help you.
- Come on. mister--
but I don't have any coins
on me.
I said no. thank you. ma'am.
Please.
Hello?
Your daughter is just precious.
Oh. she's not...
She's.
Yeah.
Something special. ain't she?
What's your name. little one?
Whoa whoa whoa.
We ain't got time for no powwow.
Your husband was about to buy a
paper or two from us.
What the devil?
Emma. are you all right?
What is it child?
You two should go. all right?
Come on. Adeline.
He ain't interested.
Let's go.
Everything's all right. okay?
Asshole.
Just how are you
gonna find this outlaw?
This Harrison Griggs?
He ain't hard to find. Caroline.
He's hard to kill.
This is absurd!
Just listen to yourself.
I am tired of begging God to
send somebody to save us.
Maybe it should have been me all
along.
I'll go it alone if I have to.
That won't be
necessary.
You came back.
I reckon I'll find trouble
wherever I go.
All the same. might as well find
it with you.
Ladies and gentlemen. of Pine
Moore!
Hello!
I have an announcement to make.
Come on.
Gather around.
Let this be a warning
to all of you:
I will not take no
for an answer.
Your sheriff here was corrupt to
the core.
and he paid the ultimate price
for trying to get in my way.
In case you don't know.
my name is Harrison Charles
Griggs.
World famous outlaw.
Gunslinger.
That's all behind me.
They're everywhere.
From this day
forward.
you may refer to me as Mayor
Griggs.
Whoa! Mayor Griggs!
Listen.
You have my word. as a man.
That things are about to change
around here.
You still don't look convinced.
All right.
How about free land
and cattle for every farmer.
Bread and meat on every table.
And a railroad.
Coming right through this town.
Can you imagine what we can
build together for our children?
And their children?
With a little money in your
pocket
and a train coming through.
you'd have the opportunity
to see the whole country.
These are just a few of the many
wonderful things I have planned
for you.
The honest. hardworking people
of Pine Moore.
And all I ask in return.
is your loyalty.
All of you. my
friends.
Listen to him.
Just listen to him. It'll be
good for all of us.
Mayor Griggs!
Louder!
Let 'em hear you in Jefferson!
Let 'em hear you in Houston!
Mayor Griggs!
I love you people!
Meet me by the saloon.
Ready to ride?
Let's go!
Emma!
Why are we here?
Just keep calm.
Follow my lead.
This seems like
suicide.
You ever play poker?
Church boy?
Once or twice.
Perfect.
Right this way.
That's right.
Okay.
So. I mean. we already know
I'm in.
Put me in!
Hey!
Come back!
Get back over here!
It's all right!
He always quits!
You mind if I join
you?
That one's gone cold
anyway.
Yeah. Yeah. sure.
How about your friend over
there?
Oh. He's just my cousin.
Can't play poker worth a damn.
Half blind. All the way dumb.
Well. yeah. we can make room for
him.
Ante up for 'em.
Here you go. Here we go.
All right.
That's quite a speech Harrison
gave today.
Oh. yeah.
It was a good speech.
I'd like to talk to him about
doing business.
Yeah?
You know where he's headed?
Well. I'm not really supposed to
say. but...
you know. I think he went off to
Houston to see George Wells
and. you've heard about the
railroad that's going to be in
here?
I mean. there's going to be more
jobs when that railroad comes
through
than there are men to do 'em.
Everybody needs a little weight
in their pocket.
When's that supposed to start?
I hope soon.
I wish it was today.
Yeah.
I do to.
Well. uh...
You're out?
I believe I'm all in.
Oh. yeah?
Well get you some. boys.
I'm out. That deck's cold.
I bet that hand things so bad it
could knock a buzzard off a puke
wagon.
Bet you it don't.
Anybody that believes that.
Just go stand on your head in
the corner and rip your
britches.
Oh. he's just teasing.
Cause he don't know how to play
poker.
Yeah?
Well I don't
believe it.
I think he's bluffing. And I'll
call you.
I got three nines.
I got a full houser. Kings over
queens.
Yeah. so I...
I'll be taking this.
Woah. woah. I though you said he
was blind and dumb.
Half blind.
What the hell is going on?
- Fletch. no!
- Whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa.
Gentlemen.
I run the orphanage in town.
My name is Murphy Reynolds. and
I ain't deaf. blind or dumb.
That's debatable.
You're making a big mistake.
Murph.
What's going on in this
community...
It's out of control. and it
ain't right.
And that's why we are here.
My wife and I take in more
children. than you can shake a
stick at.
And there is no judgment. but
some of the parents
are right here in this very
room. I'd be willing to bet.
It's time to go.
Come on.
We turn away people who can't
even afford to feed their
families
because of Harrison Griggs
in his greedy. selfish thumb
over each and every one of you.
He is a bad man.
And he ain't right for this
town.
or any town.
If you care about the future of
our children.
then let's stick together and
take down Griggs and his men
once and for all.
Huh?
Who's with me?
Wrong crowd. Murph.
And if we do stick together.
we can return this town to its
former glory.
All right. come on. Time to go.
No no. no!
And look who we have to help us.
Don't you dare!
This town needs you.
Adam. and I need yo--
Hush!
Your preaching ain't gonna
change no one.
Anybody can change.
Even you.
My cousin here is
drunk.
Keep your money. We're going.
No. we need that money
for the orphanage!
-Go!
-I won that money
fair and square!
What the hell were you thinking?
Something came over me. I'm
sorry.
Just stop.
Where are you going?
Think about it.
How many roads lead to Houston?
Just one.
Ha! Wait!
Hang on!
It's open.
Oh my gosh. look at you.
How fabulous you look in that
outfit.
Thank you sir.
Mr. Wells. there's someone here
to see you.
You know why they killed all
those girls in Salem.
Massachusetts?
Because they were witches?
No. that's really irrelevant.
It was because they could never
convince anyone...
that they weren't.
You get that?
Yes. sir.
I think so.
This means "yes."
This means "no."
You do that every now and then.
But we're cleaning it up.
Yes. sir.
Anyway. send him in.
Right away.
Two minutes. that's all you got.
Then I'll get right to it. I
want a partnership.
Haven't we been through this?
I don't entangle myself with
petty thieves.
That's not what I'm talking
about.
Huh?
- Pine Moore. Texas.
- What about it?
It has the potential
to be much larger and more
lucrative than Houston.
I never heard of it.
It's less than a day's ride
from here. and I was just
voted mayor.
Wait a second.
How dumb do you think I am?
Why would I stop a train. twice.
that close together?
Tick-tock.
You see. with all due respect.
George.
A railroad never should have
been put in Houston in the first
place.
Really?
So now you're telling me
I don't know what I'm doing?
Pine Moore is the true doorway
to the west. to New Mexico.
Colorado. California. and all
the places you want to expand
into.
I hate to say it. but Houston is
just plumb out of the way.
If we put a railroad through
Pine Moore.
we could bring in ten times the
money than you're getting here.
I don't understand what
you're trying to do.
You're trying to make me have a
partnership with you?
You want to go into business
with me? And then as a
partnership.
you would divide it up in half
or some other ridiculous.
arithme-dick...
that you had in school. I hope.
And why would I need that?
I can do what you're talking
about right here in Houston.
What do I need to go into
business with anybody for?
Least of all. you!
Listen to me.
We struck gold.
Gold. A lot of gold in Pine
Moore!
With this gold. George. we can
do things that we never dreamed
of before.
All right?
You know what that means?
It means answer is no.
It also means I know you're
bluffing.
That means "adios-ky".
- George--
- Now!
Hold on a minute. George. Wait!
You heard him.
Time's up.
I just need one more minute to
explain to you that--
No. you don't get
a minute.
You're not the only one
with a revolver here--
Ha ha!
He gets out by crawling!
Like a rat would crawl.
He crawled like a bug.
I'll go after him.
You know what you can do for me?
Get me. the leader of the Texas
Rangers.
Because we're going to put a
stop to Mr. Harrison
and his pathetic gang once and
for all.
Yes. sir.
And you know what?
You do wonderful work. Thank
you.
Stop that.
Sorry...
I- I wasn't meaning--
Bart.
You're like a brother to me. you
know that?
Like family.
Yeah. sure Harrison.
No. I mean it.
You're like the brother I never
had.
Well thank you sir.
I'm going to let you in on
something.
"Milk and honey". Bart.
"Milk and honey"?
The only thing in this world
more powerful than money is a
promise.
If you promise a man a better
life.
and he believes you.
he'll do anything for you.
And you don't need a lot of
money.
I came from nothing.
And I built this empire...
on a promise of "milk and
honey".
Yeah. I'm not sure I understand.
My promise to you
is very simple.
You stay with me.
you be loyal to me.
And when Pine Moore ceases to
amuse us.
we burn it down.
We start over somewhere new.
You and me.
You understand?
What about the boys? You don't
want to leave them behind.
do you?
No. man. I ain't heard anything
about that gal in a long time.
She was a big ole gal. you know?
With a lot of--
Stop the stagecoach!
Stop!
Oh! Hey! Oh. Harrison.
Hey. sir.
Mr. Harrison. hey. I told you I
wouldn't have any major
problems--
Hand me my gun.
Son of a bitch.
Sir. I apologize.
Hey. look. I didn't mean
nothing--
Reload this.
Good.
Now we can hear each other.
One day. this will all be yours.
Wake me when we get there.
I want you to hide in
the stagecoach stop.
Keep ready.
I'll hold him up.
He goes yellow. runs inside. you
take him.
Otherwise I'll get him outside.
Can you handle that?
No. you're gonna ne need my help
out here.
Well. your wife wants you home
too.
I hear you.
I'll hide the horses in the
woods.
Whoa. whoa...
Why are we stopping?
Are you transporting Harrison
Griggs?
Who's asking?
Adam Lynch.
This way.
He's over there.
Who in the hell is Adam
Lynch?
Just a butcher.
Hey. Harrison...
You know a "butcher"?
No!
Behind the stagecoach!
Go get him!
Somebody get their sharpshooter
right there!
She's up around the
side!
Emma!
Somebody shoot him!
He's hiding over there!
I got you now. girl!
Emma!
What are you doing here?
You have to run home right now.
I'm not going.
Yes you are. don't argue with
me!
I want you to take my pistol.
Run straight home to Caroline.
Go! Now!
You know.
I was about your age...
when my father gave me my first
gun.
Do you know that?
Actually. no.
And I think...
hmmm...
Yeah. I think you are ready.
Are you sure about that?
Oh. yeah.
Only if you promise to use it
for good.
I will. I promise.
I want to make you proud.
You already have.
Aahh!
Run!
Woah! Ceasefire!
Give me my gun.
I'll take it from
here.
Y'all gather around. I want you
to see this.
And after I kill the notorious
Butcher.
We'll ride back to town and
spread the word.
No one crosses Harrison Griggs
and gets away with it.
No one.
Stand him up.
"The Butcher". huh?
You don't look that tough to me.
Let's go.
Now. somebody give
him a hog leg!
Put a damn gun in his hand.
You want me to give him a gun?
Ain't that what I
said?
You got it.
I'm gonna enjoy killing you.
We'll do this fair and square
for all to see.
One outlaw...
against another.
Kill him!
No! Stop!
Stop!
Stop.
He's a traitor!
Whoa!
Okay. Wait!
Harrison Griggs...
He's not who you think he is.
He's a snake.
He didn't care about you.
Didn't care about any of you.
He lied to all of us.
Bart. what are you talking
about?
There is no railroad coming to
town.
He used you to get rich.
and he built it on your backs.
He was ready to run off
to the next town.
He told me that. I swear it sure
as I'm breathing.
No more than an hour ago.
Please. I'm begging you.
I'm speaking the truth.
Ask him for yourself.
Nephew.
is what Bart said about that
railroad true?
There ain't no railroad.
Burn in hell--
We owe this man our lives.
Let's get him to a doctor. Now!
I got you.
I got you. I got you.
Move! I'm sorry. move!
Do you ever mind?
I knew you'd need my help.
I reckon I did.
You're a mighty good shot.
My father taught me.
He done real good.
I want you to go back to that
orphanage.
They're good people.
They'll take care of you.
I'm worried about you.
Oh. don't worry about me.
It's what happens to old
owlhoots.
You're a good girl. Emma.
You take my horse.
Whatever you say!
Go now.
Thank you.
Like I said...
It ain't for sale.
Murphy?
Murphy!
Ma'am.
Hi. Adam.
Harrison Griggs is dead.
Your home is safe.
Did Murphy make it home?
Emma says he was shot.
Your husband was a good man.
Hey. miss Caroline.
It's circle time.
My condolences.
Don't be a stranger.
You're family now.
Thank you. ma'am.
Miss Caroline!
Just below the tree line.
Careful with my back!
Oh!
You're going to be in good
hands. girlie.
Oh!
My shoulder.
You behave yourself.
He that dwelleth...
in the secret place
of the Most High.
Shall abide under the shadows
of the Almighty.
I'll say of the Lord.
He is my refuge...
He is my God.
...and my fortress:
my God;
in him I will trust.
Mr. Wells!
May I come in?
Yes. ma'am.
I have a message for you
from the Texas Rangers.
What's the message?
Harrison Griggs is dead. sir.
Atta girl!
He was nothing.
Bad guy.
Another useless cowboy...
gunned down for a useless cause.
They'll never learn.
This country is leaving
those people behind.
And thank God.
You can go get me a tea
if you want.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm